# Actions

## Destablizing

Many actions are marked as destablizing (name pending). Regardless of what
skills are used, on a failure, do poise damage equal to your roll, reduced by
the defender's degree of success. On a success, do poise damage equal to your
roll plus your degree of success. This effect happens before and in addition to
the failure or success results of the action. If this poise damage causes a
target to be staggered, actions which require the target to be vulnerable are
able to succeed, even if they were not staggered before the action.

If the target of an acton is an organ, all above rules apply, but indigestion
damage is dealt rather than poise damage.

## Vulnerability

Some actions require a vulnerable target. A target is considered vulnerable if
they suffer from any status effect that specifies vulnerability, including being
incapacitated, asleep, staggered, or stunned. For an organ, this requires being
weakened.

## Critical and Lucky rolls

Unless otherwise specified, a contested roll against a vulnerable target is a
critical roll. When defending against a vulnerable target, your roll is lucky.
Both of these apply to weakened organs.

## Common actions

The following can be performed by all characters unless otherwise specified.

### Attack

- Destablizing

A simple melee attack with whatever weapon you choose - fists, feet, sword, or
anything else. Roll strike contested by the target's dodge. On a success, do
health damage equal to your strike modifier plus your degree of success. This
health damage is reduced by the defender's endure roll.

### Devour

- Destablizing

Attempts to devour prey. Make a devour roll contested by the target's dodge. On
a success against a vulnerable target, begin devouring the target.

### Swallow

While devouring a target, make a body roll, contested by your prey's body roll.
On a success, swallow your prey by an amount equal to the opening size of the
orifice the prey is being swallowed by. If your roll exceeds twice the prey's
roll, swallow twice.

You may also reverse this, spitting out partially-swallowed prey. Enemies will
usually not contest this roll.

### Move Prey

Move prey from one of your organs, either to another connected organ or outside
of you. Make a body roll contested by your target's body roll. On a success,
move your prey by an amount equal to the opening size of the orifice the prey is
being moved from. If your roll exceeds twice the prey's roll, move twice.

### Struggle

- Destablizing

Make a strike roll contested by your pred's body roll. On a success, do health
damage equal to your strike modifier plus your degree of success. This health
damage is reduced by the defender's endure roll.

### Escape

- Destablizing

Make a strike roll contested by your pred's body roll. On a success against a
weakened organ, begin escaping from that organ. If already escaping, or while
being swallowed, move yourself out of the organ by an amount equal to the
opening size of the orifice you are moving through. If your roll exceeds twice
the pred's roll, move twice.

If moving into another organ, rather than outside of the pred, your current
organ does not need to be weakened.
