# Character Creation

If you're not sure what you want to do, check out the section on
[playstyles](playstyles.md#playstyles) to get some ideas.

## Choosing a Race

To start, [pick a race to play as](races.md#races).

Every character starts off with an 8 in all stats, though some races have
bonuses to specific stats. Every race also starts with some number of stat
points, which can be freely allocated to boost any stat by 1. Races with more
powerful inherent abilities (see below) have fewer starting stat points.

Below is list of the features that might influence your choice of race.

### Stats

The stats of a character decide how good they are at almost everything.
[Read about what they are](#stats) before making your choice, but remember that
you can increase weak stats with your starting points.

### Organs

Most races have the basic humanoid organs, but some, like the Centaur and
Slimegirl, have a different layout. The Centaur has two stomachs, one for her
human half and one for her horse half, while the semi-liquid Slimegirl only has
one organ which can freely choose who and what to digest.

### Starting Perks and Abilities

Usually, unlocking a talent requires you to spend a talent point. However, some
races have talents unlocked for free. For example, a Lamia starts with the Crush
talent, and Cowgirls all get the Milky talent.

### Racial Features

Some races have skills only they can use or unlock. These provide unique
gameplay opportunities you can't get elsewhere. For example, slimegirls have an
acidification system, where their own buildup levels add bonuses to some of
their abilities.

## Assigning Points

Once you've picked a race, you may assign that race's starting stat points and
talent points as you choose. Try to keep your playstyle in mind - if you intend
to do a lot of vore, you'll want strength and durability, as well as
vore-related abilities. A magic-focused build will want sorcery and instinct,
and a harrier will work better with lots of agility. Some skills have
requirements to unlock them, such as a character level or stat level, so you
might want to save a few points if there's something specific you have your eye
on.

## Looking Forward

Once you've been playing for a while, you'll earn experience, and eventually
level up. Check the [progression guide](progression.md#progression) to decide on
what to do.
