# Talents

By spending talent points, earned each level, you can unlock or upgrade talents,
adding new options to your character.

## Satiation Talents

Some talents have a major effect on your source of satiation. Satiation is a
very important resource, and aligning your best source of it with your desired
playstyle is key to enjoying your game. For any talent marked as "satiation
talent", you may choose one when creating a character without spending a talent
point. At any time, you may select a new satiation talent; this does not consume
a talent point, but does replace your previous satiation talent.

## List of Talents

### Accelerated Healing

Speed up healing of allies in your womb.

Active: as a quick action, your passive womb healing runs again this turn.

### Aetherbolt

A lance of magical energy.

Active: {description}

### Aetherial Digestion

Channel your magic to increase the power of your organs.

Active: As a free action, expend 5 energy to use your sorcery instead of
durability when determining digestion damage.

Requirements: 14 sorcery.

### Big Eater

Despite being tiny, your stomach has the capacity of something much larger.

Passive: your racial organ capacities are treated as 5 times higher than they
are, including for maximum capacity upgrades.

Requirements: be size 20 or smaller.

### Crush

Squeeze your muscles tight, damaging everything inside you.

Active: as an action for 20 energy, squeeze one of your organs tight, dealing
your strength modifier as blunt damage to anything inside.

### Egg Layer

Adds the ability to produce eggs.

Active: choose to begin gestating an egg. This egg will grow over 10 turns
(variable, depends on race) while draining {sat} satiation. If your satiation is
below this, the egg will not grow that turn. Once fully grown, the egg may be
expelled as with any object. Digesting the egg is worth {sat} food.

Requiremets: be an egg-laying race, such as Harpy, Lamia, or Arachne. Bunnygirls
may also unlock this if easter is observed.

### Energy Transfer

Give your energy to an ally.

Active: as a quick action, expend 20 energy to give 20 to another character.

### Featherweight

Magically increases your carry capacity.

Active: as an action for 30 energy, cast a featherweight effect on a target of
your choosing. This target gains 20 carry weight multiplied by your spellcasting
modifier for 10 turns.

### Futa

Adds a cock.

Passive: your character has a penis. This behaves as described in the "special
organs" section of the rulebook.

Requirements: cannot already have a cock.

### Gutslut

Being digested invigorates you.

Passive: when taking digestion damage, gain energy equal to the damage.

### Mama's Hungry

While rebirthing other players, your digestion power is increased.

Passive: while your womb contains at least one regressed or rebirthed player, or
other entity catagorized as "child" (eggs do not count), your digestion power is
increased by one. This effect only activates while the child is draining
satiation.

### Milky

Allows the production of milk.

Passive: see rules on milk generation under the "breasts" section of the
rulebook.

### Nihilivore

- Satiation Talent

Regenerate more satiation naturally.

Passive: multiply your passive satiation recovery rate by three.

### Omnivore

- Satiation Talent

Recover more from all food.

Passive: multiply your digestion efficiency by 1.2.

### Carnivore

- Satiation Talent

Focus your recovery on food.

Passive: multiply your digestion efficiency by 1.5. Set your passive satiation
recovery rate to zero.

### Tail

Adds a tail.

Passive: your character has a tail. This behaves as described in the "special
organs" section of the rulebook.

Requirements: cannot already have a tail.

### Wild Flurry

A reckless series of attacks, gaining in strength each strike while leaving you
vulnerable.

Active: make a normal attack, while gaining 1 stack of the Wild Flurry status.
Each stack of this decreases your dodge modifier by 1, while adding 1 to the
modifier of the next wild flurry. This effect expires in two turns, refreshing
the duration every time a stack is gained.
